Improve tryit doco (#109)
Particular/MassTransitShowcaseDemo: docs/azure.md

# Running against your own Azure Service Bus system

> If you encounter any issues running the steps below, try the [troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section or ask on [our forum](https://discuss.particular.net/tag/masstransit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter any issues running the steps below, try the [troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section or post a question on [our forum](https://discuss.particular.net/tag/masstransit).
```

> 1. Open a terminal and run the following command to shut down the showcase containers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a terminal and run the following command to shut down the showcase containers if they are running:
```
